README.md, before:

# msds460-diet-problem

DOCUMENTATION FOR FOOD NUTRITION VALUES

- SKIN-ON SOCKEYE SALMON WITH BLACKENED BUTTER, $18.98 / LB: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/skin-on-sockeye-salmon-with-blackened-butter/
    - Serving size: 170g (2.66 servings per package)
    - Cost per serving: $7.14
    - Sodium: 570mg (25%)
    - Calories: 410 per serving
    - Protein: 31g
    - Vitamin D: 0 mcg
    - Calcium: 27mg (2%)
    - Iron: 1mg (6%)
    - Potassium: 527mg (10%)


- HERB & OLIVE OIL SEASONED PORK TENDERLOIN, $3.98 / LB: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/herb-olive-oil-seasoned-pork-tenderloin/
    - Serving size: 112g
    - Cost per serving: 0.98
    - Sodium: 270mg (12%)
    - Calories: 130 per serving
    - Protein: 23g
    - Vitamin D: 0mcg
    - Calcium: 13mg (2%)
    - Iron: 1mg (6%)
    - Potassium: 547mg (10%)
    

- MEXICAN STYLE STREET CORN - FAMILY SIZE, $7.98 / 1.5 LB: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/mexican-style-street-corn/
    - Serving size: 113g
    - Cost per serving: 1.33
    - Sodium: 150 mg (7%)
    - Calories: 160
    - Protein: 5g
    - Vitamin D: 0%
    - Calcium: 64mg (4%)
    - Iron: 1mg (6%)
    - Potassium: 225mg (4%)

- SKIN-ON GOLDBAND SNAPPER WITH MEDITERRANEAN BUTTER, $14.98 / lb: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/goldband-snapper-with-mediterranean-butter/
    - Serving size: 198g
    - Cost per serving: $6.57
    - Sodium: 310mg
    - Calories: 350
    - Protein: 35g
    - Vitamin D: 17mcg
    - Calcium: 74mg
    - Iron: 1mg
    - Potassium: 734mg

- MUSHROOM & TRUFFLE PIZZA, $8.98: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/mushroom-truffle-pizza-1/
    - Serving size: 1/3 pizza (136g)
    - Cost per serving: 2.99
    - Sodium: 700mg (31%)
    - Calories: 350
    - Protein: 12g
    - Vitamin D: 0mcg
    - Calcium: 158mg (10%)
    - Iron: 0.79mg (4%)
    - Potassium: 262mg (6%)

Commit message:

updated README with more info about the repo

README.md, after:

# msds460-diet-problem

This repo was created for MSDS 460 Assignment 1: The Diet Problem. It contains several .png files that serve as nutritional documentation for the food items I selected, my Python code for the assignment (Valentini_Assignment1_Diet_Problem.py), Python code created by ChatGPT (ChatGPT-Diet-Problem-Code), and several .txt files that contain the solution output from my code, ChatGPT's code, and an entire conversation thread between myself and ChatGPT.

Below is a quick reference sheet for nutrition values of the food items I selected, as well as links to the items on the Wild Fork website.

DOCUMENTATION FOR FOOD NUTRITION VALUES

- SKIN-ON SOCKEYE SALMON WITH BLACKENED BUTTER, $18.98 / LB: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/skin-on-sockeye-salmon-with-blackened-butter/
    - Serving size: 170g (2.66 servings per package)
    - Cost per serving: $7.14
    - Sodium: 570mg (25%)
    - Calories: 410 per serving
    - Protein: 31g
    - Vitamin D: 0 mcg
    - Calcium: 27mg (2%)
    - Iron: 1mg (6%)
    - Potassium: 527mg (10%)


- HERB & OLIVE OIL SEASONED PORK TENDERLOIN, $3.98 / LB: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/herb-olive-oil-seasoned-pork-tenderloin/
    - Serving size: 112g
    - Cost per serving: 0.98
    - Sodium: 270mg (12%)
    - Calories: 130 per serving
    - Protein: 23g
    - Vitamin D: 0mcg
    - Calcium: 13mg (2%)
    - Iron: 1mg (6%)
    - Potassium: 547mg (10%)
    

- MEXICAN STYLE STREET CORN - FAMILY SIZE, $7.98 / 1.5 LB: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/mexican-style-street-corn/
    - Serving size: 113g
    - Cost per serving: 1.33
    - Sodium: 150 mg (7%)
    - Calories: 160
    - Protein: 5g
    - Vitamin D: 0%
    - Calcium: 64mg (4%)
    - Iron: 1mg (6%)
    - Potassium: 225mg (4%)

- SKIN-ON GOLDBAND SNAPPER WITH MEDITERRANEAN BUTTER, $14.98 / lb: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/goldband-snapper-with-mediterranean-butter/
    - Serving size: 198g
    - Cost per serving: $6.57
    - Sodium: 310mg
    - Calories: 350
    - Protein: 35g
    - Vitamin D: 17mcg
    - Calcium: 74mg
    - Iron: 1mg
    - Potassium: 734mg

- MUSHROOM & TRUFFLE PIZZA, $8.98: https://wildforkfoods.com/products/mushroom-truffle-pizza-1/
    - Serving size: 1/3 pizza (136g)
    - Cost per serving: 2.99
    - Sodium: 700mg (31%)
    - Calories: 350
    - Protein: 12g
    - Vitamin D: 0mcg
    - Calcium: 158mg (10%)
    - Iron: 0.79mg (4%)
    - Potassium: 262mg (6%)
